Shhh don't say that loud, Gunther's gonna want to hug me.
Ok, you know what, I'm just gonna take her outside.
OK, thank you.
Oh, wow, Molly is just great!
What? You really think she's hot?
And Joey?
Am I the only one who doesn't think that she's hot? Ross?
Thank you!
So hot I cried myself to sleep last night.
Hello.
Gavin, I just wanted to say thank you again for watching Emma yesterday during the presentation. I really owe you an appology.
Well, when we first met, you know, I thought you were pompous and arrogant and obnoxious ...
No, I just mean that, you know, first impressions don't mean anything. And I-I think you're a really good guy and I'm sorry that I misjudged you.
Hello.  But you know what, hey, new day, new leaf, I am just really really happy ...  I'm sorry, obviously Heather's ass has something more important to say so I'll just wait 'till it's finished.
I was giving you an appology and you were totally checking her out!
Oh wow, you are really, you're really a creep.
Oh yeah, I'm jealous. "Oh Gavin, please, please look at my ass".  Stop looking at my ass! I mean, I just think you are totally inappropriate, ok? This is a work environment, she's your subordinate.
That is totally different for two reasons. One - I didn't know that you knew that. And two, I wasn't some creep staring at his ass, we had a deap meaningful relationship.
It was ...  oh my god. He didn't have a last name. It was just "Tag". You know, like Cher, or, you know, Moses.
Oh, you know what - my first impression of you was absolutely right. You are arrogant, you are pompous ... Morgan! Morgan! Tag's last name was Morgan! Huh!
Yeah well what are you, his boyfriend?
Hey, listen, Joey, about Molly, I really prefer if you didn't go after her.
Because it took us months to find a good nanny and I wouldn't want anything to, you know, drive her away.
Rachel Green's office!! Give me that phone!  Hello, this is Rachel Green, how can I help you? Uh huh ... ok then ... I'll pass you back to your son
Um, excuse me Gavin, I have a question I need to ask you.
If you like looking at butts so much why don't you just go look at a mirror?
Oh, please, I don't care about you enough to bug me. In fact, from now on, I'm going take the high road. And I'm going be very very nice to you, you "momma's boy", starting right now.
Hi!
Yeah I am, I am! Oh, but first of all, Monica, I would like to introduce you to my very talented colleage and more importantly my wonderful friend Gavin Mitchelle.
Oh no no no no no, Gavin can't, he already has plans, most likely with his mother.
Why did you invite him?? I can't stand that guy!
I was faking it! Can't you tell when I'm being fake?
Hey, Mr Philips, nice suit!
Shh!
I still can't believe you invited Gavin. Allright, he is the last person I want to see.
God, I hope he doesn't show up. Of course he's not gonna show up, the guy hates me.
What?
Oh, Monica, you think Skippy liked you? Honey, all those buys had a bet to see if he can knock you over.
Oh, ok, thank you.   Do you see what all the guys see in her?
Yeah, sure!
Oh, give me!
Ahhhh , you brought rats to my birthday party?
Are you comparing my daughter to a rat?
whhh wait, you're gonna leave my party to take care of a box of rats?
Hi. Thanks for the party, honey. Should I help you clean up?
Yeah, I just get a little bummed when my birthday's over.
Mmm hmm.
No.
Well, it was, and you would have seen it if you didn't showed up at  ... 930?? God! Oh, this party was lame ...
Oh, you bought me a present! Why?
Aww. Well, ok, well that's very nice. And you wrote a card . "From Gavin"
Awww, awww, it's beautiful.
See, Gavin, you're capable of being a nice guy. Why did you give me such a hard time?
Well Monica seems to think it's because you have feelings for me.
You do?
See? Why, Gavin, why? Right when I'm about to change my opinion of you, you go and you ...  and you do that ...